1. where can i get support for completing online enrolment?
you should refer to the [specific resource] for details of supported enrolment.

2. what should i do if i can't access enrolment because it is not open?
if you think you should be enrolling now, please refer to the date in the email sent to your university address. if you believe there is an issue, please contact [specific contact information].

3. what should i do if i can't enrol due to outstanding debt?
you need to contact the [specific department] as soon as possible on 01786 467123.

4. what should i do if worldpay is not accepting my card payment?
if you are having problems using worldpay, please contact 01786 467123 to arrange another method of payment.

5. should i still enrol if i am withdrawn or on a leave of absence?
no, do not enrol. instead, contact [specific contact information].

6. how do i request a change in my mode of attendance or request a leave of absence?
you will need to email [specific email address] from your university email account, attaching any documentation to support your request.

7. what does conditionally enrolled mean?
if you have completed online enrolment but there are further steps that need to be completed for you to become fully enrolled, you will be conditional enrolled. please refer to the email detailing why your enrolment status is conditional for more information.

8. when can i expect to receive my student loan?
once you have successfully enrolled and the official start date of your program has passed, your student loan should be paid into your bank account within 3 working days. for queries regarding this, you will need to speak to the student loan company.

9. where can i find timetable information?
please refer to the [specific webpage] for information on the timetable.

10. where can i get a letter to prove my enrolment?
once you have completed enrolment, you will receive a pdf copy of your certificate of enrolment to your student email address within 24 hours. for more information on the certificate of enrolment, please refer to the webpage on [specific website].

11. what should i do if i am having problems logging on or need a password reset?
please contact the information helpdesk at [specific contact information].