enrolment faqs   university of stirling
enrolment faqs
we have compiled some faqs to help you with the enrolment process. if you have any additional questions then please contact
or phone the student hub on 01786 466022.
i'm having trouble completing online enrolment what should i do?
please refer to the
for details of supported enrolment.
i can't access enrolment as it is not open. what do i do?
you should have been sent an email to your university address telling you when enrolment is open, please refer to the date in the email. however, if you think that you should be enrolling now, please contact
i can't enrol as i have outstanding debt, what can i do?
you need to contact the
as soon as possible on 01786 467123
worldpay is not accepting my card payment. what do i do?
if you are having problems using worldpay please contact
01786 467123 to arrange another method of payment.
do i still enrol if i am withdrawn or on leave of absence?
do not enrol - contact
i want to change my mode of attendance or request a leave of absence
do not enrol - you will need to email
from your university email account attaching any documentation to support your request.
what does conditionally enrolled mean?
you will be conditional enrolled if you have completed online enrolment however there are further steps that need to be completed for you to become fully enrolled. when you completed online enrolment you would have been sent an email detailing why your enrolment status is conditional, please refer to this for more information.
when do i get my student loan?
once you have successfully enrolled and the official start date of your programme has passed, your student loan should be paid into your bank account within 3 working days. if you have queries regarding this you will need to speak to the student loan company
where can i get timetable information?
please refer to the
webpage for information on the timetable.
where do i get a letter to prove my enrolment?
once you have completed enrolment you will a pdf copy of your certificate of enrolment to your student email address within 24 hours. for more information on the certificate of enrolment
please refer to the webpage on
.
having problems logging on or need password reset?
please contact the information helpdesk at
.